---
tags:
  - maga
  - twitter
  - jimmy-dore
---
### Summary
When MAGA tweets get community notes, instead of confronting ideas that may run contrary to their beliefs, they instead claim that twitter's community notes feature has been compromised by bots, paid actors, or the feds. They use made up numbers that don't even correlate with each other in their posts about this ("Since joining Community Notes in March 2023 it has posted nearly 5000 community notes...it’s impossible to be a single person. It is posting over 70 Community Notes per day, every day." 5000 posts between 295 days is 17, not 70).
### Receipts
**May 15 2024** [The Jimmy Dore Show - Twitter’s Community Notes Is Completely Compromised!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxzxoD9gAw4)
>Of course! Of course the intelligence agencies, of course big pharma, of course the military industrial complex, of course CIA, of course the Mossad, of course they all figured out how to game this system! Of course they did!

Jimmy Dore shares this post as evidence:

**Jan 20 2024** [@chrislittlewoo8](https://x.com/chrislittlewoo8/status/1748792947259113509)
>Let’s talk about community notes. FYI, I’m a community notes contributor. What I am seeing is a direct attempt to silence, censor, de-prioritise, de-monetise, isolate & cast doubt against anyone that questions the current plans of Governments, Big Pharmaceutical & The Parasitic ruling classes. Enterprising Desert Raven, is the user name for a single Community Notes Contributor. Since joining Community Notes in March 2023 it has posted nearly 5000 community notes. A Bot? A Group of paid agenda activists? Or 3 Letter agencies? One thing is for sure, in my opinion, it’s impossible to be a single person. It is posting over 70 Community Notes per day, every day. Without rest. These notes have to be backed up with linked supporting evidence. It is just not possible to achieve this on a daily basis This is a relentless attack on anyone that dares to questions the things that have happened to us, or the plans they have in place for humanity. Community Notes works on a basis that when a Contributor sees a post and wishes to correct that post. They create a Note that provides information and links to data that support their note. When enough Contributors approve the Note, it goes live. If Contributors don’t agree with the note, they state why and can add counter information, it’s then not published, but left pending unless other contributors then agree with the original Note, then it goes live. Attached is a video all of the Community Notes that Desert Raven has added, both published and pending in just the last 10 days. This is from within the CN section so you will not normally get to see this. The vast majority of these notes are in pending waiting to go live. The video goes on forever! It’s only the last 10 days worth. Impossible for a single user to create. There is no doubt you will know someone in this video that they have attempted to censor. You will notice the recurring themes. Desert Raven protects the Jabs, Big Pharma, Current Government Regimes, Climate Change & the WEF. Anyone that questions what’s going on, that has a large follower base appears to be targeted, especially Blue Ticks. The Community Notes that have been approved, all appear to be supported by the same group of contributors. This is really bad and extremely concerning. I will individually contact every single person that has had an attempt to de-popularise their posts in this video. [@elonmusk](https://x.com/elonmusk) You urgently need to do a complete audit of community notes, especially targeting the most active contributors. They are either bots, or groups of bad actors working together to utilise a single account and push an agenda. IP and Mac Address access would easily identify this. I’m a community notes contributor and I am telling you that the system is compromised.