Zelensky and Hunter Biden have a great deal in common, and you should be aware of it. You see, Zelensky - the president of Ukraine - well - the coke head of Kiev - because he is a coke head - the coke head of Kiev is actually a manufactured political figure. He was manufactured by a Ukrainian-Israeli-Cypriote oligarch called Ihor Kolomoyskyi. Now Ihor Kolomoyskyi was the man who owns 1+1 Media here in Ukraine, and 1+1 Media is the company that financed and produced the TV show "Servant of the People". "Servant of the People" hired Zelensky - a well known actor in Ukraine - an actor with zero political experience, or even any political interest - well - they hired him to play the role of the president in the show "Servant of the People". Now, "Servant of the People" had huge ratings but a lot of people said that it was really weird the amount of propaganda and PR that was done for the show. It was disproportionate to any other show of any channel, the amount of PR, positive press and all the rest of it. It was really pushed on the people. Some people said it was completely astro-turfed. Some people who know how to speak Ukrainian and who have watched this show have told me that "it's a mildly enjoyable show, but no big deal", but anyway...The show was hugely popular, and it ran from 2015 to 2018, and almost seamlessly, Kolomoyskyi - the oligarch - created a party called "Servant of the People" - same name as the TV show. And their candidate was Zelensky, a man with no previous political experience and indeed no previous political interest, and Kolomoyskyi financed Zelensky to the point that Zelensky today is a billionaire - how many actors do you know that are billionaires, hm? I mean I don't think that Tom Cruise is a billionaire and he's the most successful actor in the world. If he's just an actor... Zelensky is more than just an actor, hm. He's the finger-puppet of Kolomoyskyi - this oligarch, and do you know who Kolomoyskyi also financed to the tune of $50,000 a month - plus additional benefits of different sorts? Hunter Biden. Yes. In 2014, Burisma - the Ukrainian oil company...gas company, excuse me - hired Hunter Biden to be on its board of directors to the tune of $50,000 a month. Who do you think controls Burisma? Kolomoyskyi - the same guy who manufactured Zelensky as president of Ukraine. Yep. Bet you didn't know that, hm? Zelensky and Hunter Biden are spiritual cousins, they are bankrolled by the same guy. It's funny because both of them have, uh, drug addictions - pretty serious ones, hm? Both of them get their money from Kolomoyskyi, and both of them are intimately involved in Ukraine. But here's the difference of course - Zelensky doesn't have a dad who's President of the United States, now does he? Why do you think the White House, the United States is freaking out so badly over Ukraine, hm? In Ukraine, there are all kinds of secrets. In Ukraine, well, see, the more unsavory people in the Washington establishment have used Ukraine as their private piggy bank, to the detriment of the Ukrainian people. They have financially raped Ukraine, stripping it of moneys and assets - moneys and assets needed by the people of Ukraine. And this is part of the reason that Ukraine is one of the poorest countries in Europe if not the poorest country in Europe - because of corruption, because of how Westerners have exploited it - Western politicians have exploited it. Hunter Biden...$50,000 a month, and you say to yourself, "well $50,000 is not much", well yeah $50,000 a year is the median household income in the United States. In Ukraine - a much poorer country - $50,000 a year would easily uh, solve the problems of a good 4 or 5 families in Ukraine - the financial problems of those 4 or 5 families in Ukraine for a year. And Hunter Biden was getting that money per month - just for himself! Although of course in the Hunter Biden emails there's talk that seems to be true that "The old man" would get a 10% kickback of whatever Hunter Biden was getting, hm? That was in the uh, laptop, oh yeah. Look it up! You don't have to take my word for it, you don't have to take my word for any of what I'm telling you, hm? Look it up yourself, and you'll find it, it's very easy to find. Kolomoyskyi - the Ukrainian-Israeli-Cypriote oligarch - was financing Zelensky, was financing Joe Biden, God else, God alone knows who else he was financing, and he was just one, there's a whole rotten bunch of these people, here in Ukraine, and they're all busy paying off the West so that they could carry on their little evil deeds and whatnot, hm? If you want to know why the West was freaking out over Ukraine, you have to understand that they are all terrified that the truth will come out in Ukraine. The biolabs that just came out? Victoria Newland - the under secretary of state - admitted that these biolabs existed in Ukraine. Why do you think that she would admit to such a thing if it weren't true? And she said that they were uh, instructing the people in Ukraine on how to dispose of all their material before the Russians could get their hands on it. Now that's weird. I mean, if I'm a biolab, and I'm working on the cure for Alzheimer's or something like that, I'm not worried about the Russians getting their hands on my research - on the contrary I'm worried that the Russians might come in and destroy it - maybe on purpose, maybe on accident, right? But that's my worry, I'm not thinking to myself "Oh the Russians are coming therefore I'm going to proactively destroy my research." I'd never think that if I'm working on something, uh, mundane or potentially beneficial to the human race. But I would be thinking that if I'm working on something really nasty. If I'm working on something really nasty like a super anthrax virus or something like that. Or some super plague that will kill off a whole bunch of people. Then I'd be thinking to myself - how do I get rid of this material - this research that I've done - before the Russians find it and get it and get their hands on it and show the world what I've been up to. See, that's the thing that all the politicians in the West are worried about in so far as Ukraine is concerned. They don't really care about Russia taking over, they don't care about the Ukrainian people, they don't care if Ukraine is turned to rubble, actually they hope it will, because in that rubble will be hidden all their deeds, their evil deeds, their corrupt deeds - that's why they want to destroy Ukraine, that's why they don't care how many Ukrainian civilians die needlessly in this conflict. They want Ukraine to be turned to rubble so that in the rubble will be hidden all the evil corrupt things that they have done. Understand this. 